update installation details (#11)
konstellation-io/website: content/en/docs/KRE/installation/local/index.md

weight: 10
---

## Hardware requirements

> The local environment is deployed on top of a Minikube using the VirtualBox driver. The basic configuration create a Virtual Machie with 8Gb and 4vCPUs. Due to this is recomended to run KRE on a machine with at least `16GB` of RAM and `4 CPU`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local environment is deployed on top of a Minikube using the VirtualBox driver. The basic configuration creates a Virtual Machine with 8Gb and 4vCPUs. Due to this is recommended to run KRE on a machine with at least `16GB` of RAM and `4 CPU`.
```
